main idea and detail questions. Get ready. Listen to part of a discussion in a music class. Good morning class. For today you all were supposed to read about the history of the piano. So let's review some of the basic facts. When was the piano invented? Yes Anna? Wasn't it in the early 1700s? That's right. The piano was invented by a harpsichord builder named Bartolomeo Cristofori in Florence Italy. The harpsichord is an instrument that is similar to the piano. It has a keyboard too but you don't really need to know about that. Okay when pianos were first invented only royalty could afford them right? It wasn't until the 1800s that they started becoming more common in households. Well in the households of the wealthy and upper middle class. But still yes Joshua? I'm just curious about why more people were suddenly able to afford them. Good question. I think it probably had to do with the fact that the economy of Europe was changing a lot especially in terms of the distribution of wealth. By the 1800s a country's riches weren't concentrated in the hands of the royalty, kings and queens. Instead a lot of people throughout Europe were becoming wealthy which meant that they had money to spend on luxury items like pianos. Okay now I have a question for you all. As the piano became more common in households what did it come to represent within European cultures? For one playing the piano well was kind of a status symbol. It was an indication of wealth and education. Exactly and that's a very important point by the way. I mean parents started inviting piano instructors into homes to teach children how to play. That's because they knew that being proficient on the piano said something about their standing in the society. But there was more to it than that wasn't there. It's true that having a piano showed that a family had money. But there were a lot of other reasons that a family would want a piano in its home right? Definitely. Besides serving as a status symbol the piano provided entertainment for the household. That's it. Think about it. Back then there were no radios, no televisions and certainly no computers. How do you think families entertained themselves? A lot of the time it was by performing music together. Right. In the reading it talked about how popular forehand piano became in households. Oh, forehand piano. That was when two players sat side by side and played pieces that were specifically written to be played by two people. Yes. That's a great example of how the piano had the power to bring families together and provide in-home entertainment.