main idea and detail questions. Get set. Listen to part of a discussion in a history class. Okay, so let's get started. We know from last time that starting around 3600 BC, bronze was used widely throughout Europe and the Middle East. Can you all think of any examples of what bronze was used for? Well, people in that area used bronze to craft items like knives, cookware, and swords. Very good. Okay, this period when the use of bronze was prevalent, I mean, it's known as the Bronze Age. However, eventually there was a transition from the extensive use of bronze to iron. Um, so basically there was a shift from the Bronze Age to the Iron Age. Does anyone remember when this occurred? Around 1200 BC, right? That's about right. It's not clearly defined. This is just an approximation of when iron became more commonly used than bronze in Europe and the Middle East. Um, yes, Jessica? Sorry to interrupt. I just have one question. Why did the shift occur in the first place? I'm glad that you brought that up because it's actually what I wanted to talk about today. And the answer to this question, um, it's not simple. In fact, there are a number of factors that might have contributed to this shift. Let's hear from you all. Any guesses as to why iron surpassed bronze as the Medal of Choice? Isn't iron superior to bronze in terms of quality? I mean, iron is stronger than bronze. You know, today it is. But when metal workers first started working with iron, it wasn't the same as the stuff that we have today. In fact, bronze was harder than early forms of iron, which means it lasted for a pretty long time. And in terms of sword making, which was, of course, an important use of metals back then, bronze was preferred because it held a sharp edge better than early iron. But you've hit upon an interesting point. See, while early iron wasn't better than bronze, over time, metal workers came up with the techniques to make a superior product. What were the techniques? Well, the first of these involved how iron is obtained. Like the majority of metals, iron doesn't naturally occur in a pure form. You need to understand that you can't just go and, um, mine a piece of iron. Instead, you'd first have to extract iron ore from the ground. And, uh, in this iron ore, you'd have iron along with a bunch of other substances. Now, to get the iron from the iron ore, that is to separate the metal from the minerals, it needs to be heated at very high temperatures. Um, if I remember correctly, the melting point for iron is over 1500 degrees Celsius. Unfortunately, the furnaces that metal workers had back then just couldn't hit those temperatures. It wasn't until they improved their technology, made furnaces that could get extremely hot, that they were able to readily smelt iron ore. Is that all there was to it? They just had to invent furnaces that burned hotter. No, definitely not. That was just one step forward for iron workers. What you need to understand is that pure iron is pretty soft. In its pure state, it wasn't as durable as bronze. However, over time, iron workers realized that by dissolving small amounts of carbon into iron, they could produce a substance that was significantly harder than iron. Steel. This technique of diffusing carbon within iron is called carburization.