Purpose and inference questions. Go for the TOEFL test. Listen to part of a conversation between a student and a librarian and tick notes. Hi there. Can I help you with something? Yes. I want to find out if a movie is checked out or not. I think it's called Planetary Paths. Well, let me look that up. Unfortunately, I don't see any videos in our collection called Planetary Paths. However, there is one called Planets in their paths. Could that be it? Yes, that's it. I'm sorry. I must have gotten the name mixed up. No problem. So, according to our records, it is available. Do you want to check it out right now? I'll just need your student ID and I can take care of that for you. Well, the thing is, I need the movie for next Wednesday. And I was under the impression that students can only check out videos for up to three days. Yes. According to the library's borrowing policy, students can only keep videos for three days. Today's Tuesday, so Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. You'd have to return it on Thursday. That's what I thought. I guess I'll wait to check it out. I just hope it's here when I come back. If you don't mind me asking, why do you need it on Wednesday? Actually, Professor Harmon does. She's in the Astronomy Department. Anyway, she wants our class to watch it on Wednesday because she'll be going to a conference. So, she wanted me to come down here and make sure it was available. Wait, so it's actually a professor who needs the movie? Uh-huh. Wait a second. Since it's for a professor, is there any way that I can check it out for a longer time? Professors are actually allowed to keep movies for up to two weeks. Oh, I didn't know that. But that's great. I mean, I can just check it out under Professor Harmon's name then, right? Well, um, it doesn't really work that way. If Professor Harmon were to come down here, we could check it out to her. But I can't check something out to a student in her name. It's against library policy. Oh, I guess that makes sense. But, well, what do you think I should do? I know Professor Harmon really wants us to watch the movie on Wednesday. And it would just be such a shame if someone else ends up checking it out. The best thing to do is probably have Professor Harmon come to the library and check it out. It's just, I know that she's really busy preparing for her conference. What if she lends me her faculty ID? Could I check it out for her then? No, I'm afraid that's not possible. Although, well, what we could do is reserve the movie in her name. We don't allow students to reserve films, but professors do it all the time. And that way, no one else could check it out before Wednesday. But she would still have to come and check it out herself, right? Yes, that's the only way. Okay, well, given the situation, I think that's probably the best solution. How do we do that? Reserve the movie for her, I mean, do I need to bring her a form? Actually, we went paperless last year. And anyway, I'll handle everything on my end. Then, when Professor Harmon has time, she can check it out. So you might tell her that it's ready for pickup. I will. In fact, I'll run down to her office right now and tell her. Thanks a lot for helping me out. I really appreciate it. And I know Professor Harmon will too. Now, answer the questions. You may use your notes.