Purpose and inference questions. Get ready. Listen to part of a conversation between a student and a clerk at the Registrar's office. Good morning. How can I help you? Hi. I kind of have a special situation. And well, maybe you can help me. Do you need help adding or dropping a class? It's not really a problem. Okay, so I'm taking three classes this semester. But there's a fourth one that I'm really interested in. It's in the physics department. I'm not sure I understand. I mean the maximum course load is four classes per semester. That means you can take up to four classes. So if you're interested in taking the physics class, all you have to do is sign up for it, assuming that you've taken the prerequisites and that the class isn't full. It's just that. Well, the three classes that I'm enrolled in are pretty difficult. And they all count toward my major. And I really want to be careful with my GPA. Your grade point average is your GPA low? Not at all. An A average, actually. And I want to keep it that way. So... So my advisor warned me about putting too much pressure on myself by taking a class that isn't even for my major. What I'd really like to do is just sit in on the physics class. Hmm. There is one option that I think might be good for you. Have you ever heard of auditing? I don't think so. What is that? It's an enrollment option. When you audit a class, you basically attend the lectures. But you don't have to do any of the coursework. Also, you don't get a grade for it. Even buying the book is completely optional. Wow. That sounds perfect for me. So, how would I go about doing that? First of all, you need to fill out the class registration slip just as you would for any other class. So you include your name and student ID number. And you'll also write the course number and professor's name on there. On the far right of the slip, there's a little box that says add, drop, and audit. You'll want to mark audit. Okay. I just submit the slip here, and that's it. I can audit the class. Not quite. After you fill out the slip, you need to give it to professor... Professor Yang. That's the professor who's teaching the course. Okay. So you'll take it to professor Yang and ask her to sign it. Get the signature and bring it back here. Oh, but you'd better hurry. You know, today's the last day you can sign up for audits. And we close in just an hour. Got it. I know what I need to do. I certainly hope she's in our office.