Function and attitude questions. Get set. Listen to part of a conversation between a student and a sociology professor. Excuse me, Professor Dawes. Is it okay if I come in? Of course, Jessica. How are you? How's your paper coming along? That's what I was hoping to talk to you about. I'm kind of drawing a blank. I was, um, well, maybe you could suggest something to get me started. I hope I'm not being a burden. Are you kidding? I wish more students would ask for my input on this project. I'd be glad to brainstorm with you. Um, is there a topic that you're particularly interested in? I guess, well, I was sort of thinking about yesterday's lecture. That stuff about cultural diffusion. Okay. There's plenty you could write about on that topic. And as far as I know, no one else is planning to write about that. Do you have a good understanding of what cultural diffusion is? I think so. It's, um, well, okay. Every culture has a set of traits. Things like food that people of that culture eat or the clothing that they typically wear. And those traits originate in a culture region. When the traits of a culture start spreading away from the culture region, that's, um, that's called cultural diffusion. Wow. So you didn't do the reading, huh? So next, you need to think about what angle you'd take. Um, what aspect of cultural diffusion you'd want to write about. Here's a thought. What if you looked at different theories that explain patterns of cultural diffusion? Like what? Okay. There's one theory that predicts that cultural diffusion occurs most in areas with a lot of immigrants. We talked about it briefly in class. Don't you remember? Um, sort of. You gave New York City as an example, right? Right. You know, maybe you could research how cultural capitals like New York experience cultural diffusion. You could talk about how both direct and indirect cultural diffusion occur there. Sorry. Um, I think maybe I was out the day we talked about that. Could you? Uh-oh. I don't think we got to talk about this in class. Basically, direct cultural diffusion is when people from two cultures come into close, physical contact. And because of that contact, the cultural traits are exchanged, diffused. Look at the diversity of food options in New York City, for example. The spread of all those different types of foods, which are essentially cultural traits, is a result of the close contact between all those cultures. Oh, I get it. And I'm guessing indirect diffusion would be when cultural traits are spread between cultures that aren't cultural. Aren't close to each other. That's right. Indirect diffusion occurs when the traits of one culture are spread to another place through an intermediary. Like the, um, like the internet? Yes, precisely. You know, I wish we had more time to talk about this in class. I think everyone would find it really fascinating. Anyway, I do have some good books on this topic at home. I'll bring them to class next time so you can take a look at them. Could you maybe just send me an email to remind me or I'll forget? Okay, I'll be sure to do that. Thanks for your help. I really appreciate it.