Function and attitude questions. Get ready. Listen to part of a discussion in a sociology class. We've been talking about theories that try to explain the causes of crime. In particular, we've spent some time discussing the classical school of criminology. I mentioned that while it does have some valid points, it's a very dated view and one that most people today, me included, might question. Now, with the classical view behind us, let's move on to a more modern approach. And so, yeah, let's move on. Yesterday, I asked you to do some research about the Broken Windows theory. Did everyone complete the assignment? Yes? Great. Let's do a quick review. So, who came up with the theory? Leah? Wasn't it James Wilson and George Kelling? That's right. And what does the theory predict somebody else, please? Okay, basically, it states that when a neighborhood appears to be lawless, it becomes lawless. Like, if a community is dirty or run down, people assume no one cares about it. Good. And this attitude that no one cares about the neighborhood leads to a rise in crime. So, let's talk about their famous example, the Broken Window. Say if a building has a Broken Window and nobody ever takes the time to fix it, people in the area will think that authorities are not paying attention. They start thinking that they'll probably get away with acting lawlessly and people might start engaging in more serious crimes like theft. Before you know it, the area could become crime-ridden, all because of one Broken Window. But this is just one example. What else could serve as a Broken Window in this sense? How about litter or graffiti? Liter or graffiti can also have a Broken Window effect. And I can think of a really famous instance in which this was the case. So, when you were researching, did anyone come across the New York City example? Then? Yeah, I read about that. In the 1980s, New York City had a big problem with crime, especially in the subways. That was graffiti everywhere. And people would always get in the train without paying the fare. That's right. Crime was a major problem. Then, in 1985, the city hired George Kelly. And that was one of the creators of the Broken Windows theory as a consultant. Under Kelly's advisement, the city cleaned up the graffiti in the subways. Several years later, by 2001, crime in the New York City subways had decreased significantly. Because of these great results, the Broken Windows theory became more famous and people began to accept it. Yes, Leah? Couldn't it work the other way? Like, maybe neighborhoods with more Broken Windows and things like that are areas with more crime to begin with? It just seems to me that we're ignoring other factors here. Very possible, but at least in New York City, implementing cleanup policies helped curb crime quite a bit. It's hard to argue with those results.