Function and attitude questions. Go for the TOEFL test. Listen to part of a lecture in an anthropology class and take notes. Okay, last time we brought up the subject of dynasties in ancient India. Now a done... I'm sorry, a dynastie is a series of rulers that all come from the same family. It was often the case in a lot of places that a single dynastie would rule for many, many years. That was certainly true with the chola dynastie. So before I go on, what can you tell me about the chola dynastie? Have any of you even heard of it? Yes, Alex. This might seem kind of random, but Raja Raja, he was one of the famous leaders of that dynasty, wasn't he? I'm impressed. Yes, Raja Raja was probably the most well-known emperor of that dynasty. How did you hear about him? Oh, I have this video game and he was one of the characters in the story. It was kind of a... I don't know, like a historical game. Interesting. I guess some video games do have educational value then. Anyway, let me just give you a brief background. So the chola dynastie ruled from about 850 until the late 13th century. And one of the really fascinating parts about them was that their empire was huge. They were originally from the southeast coast of India, but they came to rule all of South India, as well as Sri Lanka, the Maldives, and even a part of Java. Java, now that's an island in Indonesia. Now, think about it. With the exception of South India, all of the places I just mentioned are islands. The cholas were able to conquer these places because they had a really powerful navy. That navy was originally built by a really powerful emperor. Alex just mentioned him, Raja Raja. Okay, I'm going to stop here because, well, because you'll read all about Raja Raja and the rise of the chola dynastie in the textbook. And I'd like to focus on something that's not covered in the text, the cultural contributions of the cholas. So one cultural area in which the cholas really, well, left their mark, was in the arts, and especially literature. Okay, what you have to understand is that the cholas succeed in uniting a bunch of different villages and areas in South India under one ruler. So then what happens when people stop spending their time fighting amongst themselves? And at the same time, the leaders encourage things like the arts and education. Well, the people have time to dedicate themselves to more scholarly pursuits, like writing. Now, the chola rulers were big supporters of literature. They loved it. One way that we know this is because we found references to many works of literature in historical records left behind by the cholas. And it's not just that they enjoyed reading literature, but they actually encouraged its creation by acting as patrons for writers. What that means is that they would provide financial support to their favourite writers. Because of this support, famous Indian poets were able to write their great masterpieces. One thing for sure is that the literature created under Chola rule is considered today among the most important in Indian literature. Okay, so obviously Indian literature would have been really different today without the cholas. But that's not it. The cholas also had a significant influence on the architecture of India. At the request of chola leaders, hundreds, I'm sorry, thousands of beautiful stone temples were built throughout India. The temples, they were amazing. I mean, they featured really complicated decorations that were carved into stone. And mind you, they were often carved out of granite, which was just a common type of stone in the region. But the thing about granite is, well, it's a really hard stone. So it's hard to cut into with any accuracy. As you can imagine, it took incredible skill to make the temples. Just amazing. Oh, and something else that the cholas are known for in terms of architecture is creating the tallest temples of the time. For example, in 1010, Rajaraja, the leader we talked about earlier, well, he commissioned the construction of a temple that was 60 metres tall. Now, that may not seem very tall compared to the skyscrapers we see nowadays. But back then, it was quite an achievement to build a temple so tall. And that temple is actually still standing today, 1,000 years after it was first constructed. Now answer the questions. You may use your notes.