Organization and connecting content questions. Get ready. Listen to part of a lecture in a geology class. The next topic we'll be focusing on is mass wasting, or as some people call it, mass movement. Both terms refer to the same thing, but for the sake of clarity, let's just stick with mass wasting for this class. Okay, so what is mass wasting? It's any instance in which rock or soil shifts to a lower elevation due to gravity. And by that, I mean, it moves from a higher place on the Earth's surface to a lower place. So everybody's clear on that basic definition? Good. So keep that in mind as we talk about a few different types of mass wasting, the two main types being flow and creep. Okay, so flow. What you need to know about flow is that it happens really fast. Examples of flow would be landslides, mudslides, and even rockfalls. You all know what each of those are, right? For those of you who don't, let's just go over it really quickly. A landslide is when you have a slope and a large amount of Earth on it moves downward. A mudslide is similar, except it specifically involves the movement of mud, not just dry Earth. Okay, and a rockfall is when a rock or rocks fall from a high place. Now, I want to clarify something here. Notice that landslides and rockfalls are a little different. Of course, they are both types of flow, but there's definitely a distinction between the two. A landslide involves the downward movement of a large amount of soil or rock. A rockfall, however, is when a large chunk of rock falls independently from a cliff. So it's not the amount of Earth moving, but the fact that both events occur pretty quickly. Now, let's move on to the second type of mass wasting, creep. Okay, if we're going to compare flow and creep, one major basis for comparison is the speed at which they occur. As I said before, flow happens pretty quickly in contrast. And as you can probably guess from the name, creep occurs rather slowly, but it involves the same thing, the downward movement of Earth over a large area. What causes creep? There are several factors, like the freezing and thawing of soil and winter and spring can create soil creep. And that's because it destabilizes the soil. Animals grazing on the land can contribute to it as well. Also, know that creep is usually responsible for the gentle slope of hills.