Organization and connecting content questions go for the TOEFL test. Listen to part of a discussion in a biology class and take notes. Last time we started talking about birds. Now, we know that these are amazing creatures. For one, they can fly, which in itself is pretty fascinating. We talked about some species that migrate over hundreds of miles, or without getting lost. I'd like to know how many of you can do that. I know I couldn't. Okay. Today, I want to look at a more specific feature of birds. But first, let's just review. So, what makes a bird a bird? Just think about the basic features of birds that we talked about last time. Roberta, what do you think? All birds have wings and feathers, right? That's right. All birds have both wings and feathers. But not all birds can fly. But we'll talk about that some more today. Another defining feature is that all birds lay eggs. So, okay. Those three things are wings, feathers, eggs. Those are the defining characteristics of birds. Okay. Good. Well, as I mentioned before, not all birds can fly, but many of them do fly. Why am I bringing this up again? Because that's what we're talking about today. Bird flight. I mean, birds are basically flying machines. They are built for flying. And I want to talk about some of these specially designed features that allow birds to fly. Okay. What do you think these features might be? Let me give you a hint. Roberta already mentioned one of them. Do you mean feathers? That's right. All birds have feathers. And feathers serve a number of important functions when it comes to flight. For one, birds, at least those that fly, have a special kind of feathers called contour feathers. These feathers are very rigid, and that quality helps birds achieve lift. Sorry, but what is lift exactly? What is lift? Say you're flying a kite. Lift is the force that results when air moves over and under the kite. As a result, the kite moves upward, away from the ground. Does that make sense? I mean, that's all you really have to know. That lift helps objects or animals move upward. So, like I was saying, the rigidity of the feathers on the wings allows the birds to get lift, which is of course a key part of flying, wouldn't you say? I mean, if you can't even get off the ground, well, good luck with flying. All right now. Birds also have come to a feathers on their tails. And those feathers, the tail feathers, serve a different purpose. They held the bird's steer. That means that a bird has some control over what direction they go in when they fly. Uh, now feathers are not the only part of a bird that is built for flying. Can anyone think of something else? Well, the bird's skeleton is pretty lightweight. I bet that has something to do with why birds are able to fly. Yes, it certainly does. In reality, flying birds have a lot of hollow bones, so they don't weigh much. Interestingly, the non-flying bird species, like penguins, generally have heavier skeletons, and some birds have bones that are even lighter than their feathers. Excuse me, Professor, I don't know if this is related, but I've read that birds actually have fewer bones than a lot of other animals. That's correct. In fact, consider this. Adult humans have 208 bones. Now, doves, which are a very common type of bird, have only 27 bones. Anyway, before, I was saying that the bones themselves are lightweight, right? And like Ralph just said, birds actually have fewer bones than many other animals. These features, the hollow bones and relatively small number of bones, means that birds that fly have a pretty low body weight. And this makes it possible for the bird to fly because, as you might guess, it takes a lot less energy and effort to keep a light object in the air as opposed to a heavy one. Now answer the questions. You may use your notes.