Part 2. Listening for. Listen to part of a conversation between a student and an employee at the housing office. Take notes. Hi. I, um, I have some questions about housing. Well, you're in the right place. What can I help you with? Okay. Since this academic year is almost over, everybody's talking about arranging housing for next semester. The thing is, everyone I know is planning on living in the dorms again. And what I want to know is, is there a way that I can apply to live off-campus? Um, what year are you? I'm a first year now, but I'll be a second year student next semester. I see. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but off-campus housing is reserved for third and fourth years. So it's not an option for you. I was afraid of that. See, I live in a single room in the dorms now, but it's just too loud for me. It's really distracting. And more importantly, it's really affected my grades this year. I mean, usually I'm a straight-A student, but this semester I earn three B's and one C. That's, that's the first C I've ever gotten. And it's all because it's next to impossible to study in my dorm room. Is the issue that your neighbors are too loud? I mean, we have policies about loudness in the dorms. Officially, quiet hours are from midnight to 7 a.m. If the people in your dorm aren't following the rules, they can get punished by the university. No, it's not that at all. Nobody ever made noise during quiet hours. It's just that in order for me to study, I need complete silence, you know? Even the sound of people talking in the next room just kills my concentration. Hmm. Well, have you tried studying in the library? A lot of students find that it's easier to study in a library environment. It's a lot quieter than the dorms for sure. I know, but... well, I usually can't start studying until pretty late at night when the library's already closed. Plus, I guess I just prefer to study at home. I think that with my study style and my schedule, it's just better if I live alone off campus. If you don't mind me asking, why is it that only third and fourth years are allowed to live off campus? There are a couple of reasons, actually. For one, living on campus is just more convenient for underclassmen. I mean, that way you're much closer to your classes, the dining halls, and all the other campus facilities. Most students, especially those in their first and second years, have enough to worry about. By being on campus, they're close to services when they need them. Also, the university really prefers that students live in the dorms for two years because of the social environment. In the dorms, you get to meet people who are in the same situation that you're in. In that way, you have a lot of support from other students and friends. You're definitely right that there are benefits. Being close to things and having your friends around... it's just too bad. I think I'd be able to get better grades if I have my own quiet space for studying. Well, there is the quiet dorm. Have you thought about applying to live there? I don't think I've heard of that. What's the quiet dorm? It's a special dormitory on campus, especially for students like you who need a silent space to study in. If you decide to live there, you have to sign a contract that basically promises that you won't make any excessive noise. That means no music and no loud talking. Keep in mind there's a resident advisor there at all times to enforce the rules. Wow! That sounds perfect for me. How can I apply to live there? You just need to fill out this special housing form. Here, let's see... Okay, here's a copy. You fill this out and bring it back to us. Great! And how long do I have to wait to find out if I can live there or not? We'll make the announcement the same time as other housing decisions in two weeks. Okay, I'll fill it out now then. Thanks for all your help. Now answer the questions. You may use your notes.