Listening 5. Listen to part of a discussion in a biology class and take notes. Good afternoon, class. So, today we're going to discuss biotoxins. In particular, we're going to talk about the uses of biotoxins. But I'm getting ahead of myself here. First, let's talk about exactly what a biotoxin is. Can anybody give us a definition? Cynthia? It's a poison, isn't it? Something that causes physical harm to anybody or to anything that comes in contact with it? Well, that's a good definition of a toxin. But remember, we're talking about biotoxins. Here's a hint. Bio comes from the Greek term for life. So, a biotoxin is a poison that's created by something that's alive? Yes, that's correct. So, let me just give you a really common example of a biotoxin. How many of you have been... been stung by a bee? A lot of you, right? Well, when a bee stings you, it injects a biotoxin into you. Of course, the venom from a bee sting is just a minor biotoxin. I mean, it hurts you. But for most people, a bee sting does not cause long-lasting harm. Okay. Those of you who have been stung by a bee... most of you, I think. You would probably agree that it wasn't pleasant. I mean, bee stings hurt. And they're supposed to. Bees use that biotoxin to protect their hives. But what happens when humans use biotoxins produced by other organisms? Can biotoxins ever be used to improve life for humans? The answer we're finding is yes. Today, I'm mostly interested in talking about how biotoxins are used in medicine. And I think you'll all be surprised by the ways that scientists and doctors use biotoxins for medical purposes. How many of you have heard of botulism? Okay. For those who don't know what botulism is, it's a really serious illness. It's caused by bacteria that produce the botulinum toxin. So, according to our definition, botulinum is a biotoxin, right? I mean, I know it's weird to think of bacteria as living organisms, but technically they are. Anyway, this biotoxin can be pretty dangerous. In some circumstances, it can lead to death. But amazingly, scientists have discovered how to use botulinum to cure illness. If you can believe that. Excuse me, Professor, but how is that possible? Well, let me explain. There are actually different kinds of the botulinum toxin. The type that medical researchers are interested in is called botulinum toxin type A. So, what they found was they take botulinum toxin type A and they basically dry it and purify it. And really, don't worry about the process itself. Just know that by processing botulinum toxin type A in this way, it's possible to create medicine. Um, medicine for what? I was just getting to that. So, this medication, it can be used to effectively cure migraines. Ah, those are... They're basically severe headaches, and people who suffer from them often experience nausea and other symptoms too. Okay, where's the proof? Well, there have been several clinical trials. In one study, researchers found that study participants who took this drug made from botulinum toxin type A. They had significantly fewer headaches every month. So, it seems that this drug is effective. Okay, that's just one example, though. Can you think, uh, well, have you heard of any other medicinal uses of biotoxins? Now that you mention it, I remember reading an article recently that's sort of related. Um, according to the article, researchers were studying the effects of a biotoxin made by a certain type of snail. I don't remember what this snail was called. But scientists are studying the biotoxin to see if it can be used as a painkiller. That's a great example. Um, if I'm not mistaken, the snails you're referring to are called cone snails. And their venom called Coneotoxin is really dangerous. But as Steve said, medical researchers are finding out how we can use this venom as a powerful painkiller. I don't get it. We already have a bunch of different kinds of painkillers, don't we? What's so special about this one? Good question. For one, it's a lot more powerful than the other painkillers that are currently available. All you need is a tiny dose, and the pain is gone. Now answer the questions. You may use your notes.